2h 29min
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi
English 
Release Date: 21 June 2017 (USA)

MDesc.

The Last Knight shatters the core myths of the Transformers franchise, and redefines what it means to be a hero.
Humans and Transformers are at war, Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of
the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. Saving our world falls upon the shoulders of an unlikely 
alliance: Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg); Bumblebee; an English Lord (Anthony Hopkins); and an Oxford Professor(Laura Haddock).
There comes a moment in everyone's life when we are called upon to make a difference. In Transformers: The Last Knight,
the hunted will become heroes. Heroes will become villains. Only one world will survive: theirs, or ours.

Short Describe:
Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. 
Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, 
in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth.

Directed by 
Michael Bay	...	(directed by) Writing Credits  
Art Marcum	...	(screenplay by) &
Matt Holloway	...	(screenplay by) &
Ken Nolan	...	(screenplay by)
 
Akiva Goldsman	...	(story by) and
Art Marcum	...	(story by) &
Matt Holloway	...	(story by) &
Ken Nolan	...	(story by)

Review:
This movie is outstanding. You know how when you are a kid you and your brother throw over the toy bin 
and pull out dinosaurs, knights, tanks, submarines, Lamborghinis, Transformers, GI Joe, Voltron, 
some LEGO vehicles that can be disassembled and reassembled and a few Star Wars space ships?
Maybe your sister wants to play so somehow a Barbie ends up in the mix. 
Then you have an absolutely epic battle with Knights fighting space ships and 
LEGOs transforming on the spot to whatever you want. Toys switch back and forth and 
fight for whoever is holding them. Complete insanity ensues.
The story makes no sense because it can't but the battle is truly epic.
Your brother grabs a chair and declares its his planet and throws it at your toys so you throw the couch at his. 
Finally your mom comes in and sends everyone outside, so you leave every toy out and all the furniture turned over
to clean up later. Maybe your sister declares that Barbie just did something.
That is this movie! It has absolutely everything and makes about as much sense as it can considering.
This movie truly channeled second grade for me. I had so much fun and I cannot wait to go back! 
Definitely watch in 3D and try to watch in IMAX if it is available. Do not wait for it to come out on DVD.