2h 0min 
Adventure | Drama | Romance | Sci-Fi
English
Release Date: 3 February 2017 (USA)


MDesc.
In this interplanetary adventure, shortly after arriving to help colonize Mars,
an astronaut dies while giving birth to the first human born on the red planet -
never revealing who the father is. Thus begins the extraordinary life of Gardner Elliot - an inquisitive, 
highly intelligent boy who reaches the age of 16 having only met 14 people in his very unconventional upbringing. 
While searching for clues about his father, and the home planet he's never known, Gardner begins an online friendship 
with a street smart girl named Tulsa. When he finally gets a chance to go to Earth, Gardner is eager to experience all 
of the wonders he could only read about on Mars. But after his explorations begin, scientists discover that Gardner's
organs can't withstand Earth's atmosphere. Gardner joins with Tulsa on a race against time to unravel the mysteries of
how he came to be, and where he belongs in the universe.

Short Describe: 

The first human born on Mars travels to Earth for the first time, experiencing the wonders of the planet through fresh eyes. 
He embarks on an adventure with a street smart girl to discover how he came to be.

Directed by 
Peter Chelsom	...	(directed by) Writing Credits  
Allan Loeb	...	(screenplay by)
 
Stewart Schill	...	(story by) and
Richard Barton Lewis	...	(story by) &
Allan Loeb	...	(story by)

Review:

Don't be confused, this is a teen romance picture. It's just that one teen is from Earth,
and the other is from Mars. I actually found it very sweet. Mars boy without a clue, 
and Earth girl with all the answers. Great acting, great direction, fantastic score.
The special effect were a bit dodgy. This film was was supposed to come out in August,
then pulled to December, and now it's released in February. Please see this film!!!
I found it very uplifting. The performances of Asa Butterfield, Britt Robertson, Gary Oldman, Carla Gugino, 
and BD Wong are fantastic. I have to keep writing because IMDb won't let a review of anything less than 10 lines ling post.
Did I mention this is a kid friendly film? Thank you.