1h 50min
Action | Adventure | Fantasy | Thriller
English | Egyptian (Ancient)
Release Date: 9 June 2017 (USA)

MDesc.

Tom Cruise headlines a spectacular, all-new cinematic version of the legend that has fascinated cultures
all over the world since the dawn of civilization: The Mummy. Thought safely entombed in a tomb deep beneath 
the unforgiving desert, an ancient princess (Sofia Boutella of Kingsman: The Secret Service and Star Trek Beyond) 
whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over 
millennia and terrors that defy human comprehension. From the sweeping sands of the Middle East through hidden 
labyrinths under modern-day London, The Mummy brings a surprising intensity and balance of wonder and thrills in
an imaginative new take that ushers in a new world of gods and monsters. Cruise is joined by a cast including Annabelle Wallis 
(upcoming King Arthur, television's Peaky Blinders), Jake Johnson (Jurassic World), Courtney B. 
Vance (TV's American Crime Story: The People V. O.J. Simpson) and Oscar (R) winner Russell Crowe (Gladiator). 
The creative team on this action-adventure event is led by director/producer Alex Kurtzman and producer Chris Morgan,
who have been instrumental in growing some of the most successful franchises of the past several years-with Kurtzman
writing or producing entries in the Transformers, Star Trek and Mission: Impossible series, and Morgan being the 
narrative engineer of the Fast & Furious saga as it has experienced explosive growth from its third chapter on. 
Sean Daniel, who produced the most recent Mummy trilogy, produces alongside Kurtzman and Morgan.

Short Describe:
An ancient Egyptian princess is awakened from her crypt beneath the desert, 
bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension.

Directed by 
Alex Kurtzman	...	(directed by)

Writing Credits  
David Koepp	...	(screenplay by) and
Christopher McQuarrie	...	(screenplay by) and
Dylan Kussman	...	(screenplay by)
 
Jon Spaihts	...	(screen story by) and
Alex Kurtzman	...	(screen story by) &
Jenny Lumet	...	(screen story by)


Review:
I just saw this movie and I am very happy I ignored the reviewers. 
I have watched every Mummy movie in history (even the black and whites) and this was a great story! There was humour,
great special affects, the story was strong, the acting was great, I didn't lose interest for 3 minutes during the entire movie!

If you couldn't follow the story - you are an imbecile.

I hope they realize that there are a lot of us who LOVED the movie! Ignore the whiners! I will go see it AGAIN!