2h 13min
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi
English
Release Date: 7 July 2017 (USA)

MDesc.

A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man (Tom Holland), who made his sensational debut in Captain America:
Civil War, begins to navigate his newfound identity as the web-slinging super hero in Spider-Man: 
Homecoming. Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, Peter returns home, where he lives with his Aunt May
(Marisa Tomei), under the watchful eye of his new mentor Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.). 
Peter tries to fall back into his normal daily routine--distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than
just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man--but when the Vulture (Michael Keaton) emerges as a new villain, 
everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened.

Short Describe:

Peter Parker balances his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens with his superhero alter-ego Spider-Man,
and finds himself on the trail of a new menace prowling the skies of New York City.

Directed by 
Jon Watts	...	(directed by) 

Writing Credits  
Jonathan Goldstein	...	(screenplay by) &
John Francis Daley	...	(screenplay by) and
Jon Watts	...	(screenplay by) &
Christopher Ford	...	(screenplay by) and
Chris McKenna	...	(screenplay by) &
Erik Sommers	...	(screenplay by)
 
Jonathan Goldstein	...	(screen story by) &
John Francis Daley	...	(screen story by)
 
Stan Lee	...	(based on the Marvel comic book by) &
Steve Ditko	...	(based on the Marvel comic book by)
 
Joe Simon	...	(character created by: Captain America) &
Jack Kirby	...	(character created by: Captain America)


Review:

Jon Watts (Director of Clown and Cop Car) perfects the character and charm of Spider-Man that 
we all love from the comics without doing disservice to either fans of both the Raimi and Amazing Spider-Man
franchises with a fun superhero movie oozing with joy with its great cast and characters, big and small, 
as well as an 'amazing' performance from Tom Holland who brilliantly combines what Maguire and Garfield brought to the character by 
truly demonstrating the differences and similarities between the awkward nerd Peter Parker and the quippy crime fighting Spider-Man.
The film also gives many critics of Marvel's lack of great villains what they want most, a relatable villain that is as, if not more, 
interesting than the hero itself and not only is great adversary physically but also psychologically and we see this with Michael Keaton's excellent portrayal of the Vulture. 
What Spider-Man: Homecoming does best, however, is its attention to detail and world building put into the town of Queens, which feels more real and believable than any other fictional world we have seen in the MCU, 
making Spider-Man: Homecoming one of the best chapters of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and another great example for future superhero movies to learn from.