 2h 9min
Action | Adventure | Fantasy
English
Release Date: 26 May 2017 (USA)

MDesc.
Johnny Depp returns to the big screen as the iconic, swashbuckling anti-hero Jack Sparrow in the all-new 
"Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales." The rip-roaring adventure finds down-on-his-luck Captain Jack
feeling the winds of ill-fortune blowing strongly his way when deadly ghost sailors, led by the terrifying Captain Salazar
(Javier Bardem), escape from the Devil's Triangle bent on killing every pirate at sea-notably Jack. Jack's only hope 
of survival lies in the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it he must forge an uneasy alliance with Carina Smyth 
(Kaya Scodelario), a brilliant and beautiful astronomer, and Henry (Brenton Thwaites), a headstrong young sailor in the 
Royal Navy. At the helm of the Dying Gull, his pitifully small and shabby ship, Captain Jack seeks not only to reverse 
his recent spate of ill fortune, but to save his very life from the most formidable and malicious foe he has ever faced.

Short Describe:

Captain Jack Sparrow finds the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost pirates led by his old nemesis,
the terrifying Captain Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle, determined to kill every pirate at sea...including him.
Captain Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, 
a powerful artifact that bestows upon its possessor total control over the seas.

Directed by 
Joachim Ronning	...	(directed by)
Espen Sandberg	...	(directed by)

Writing Credits  
Jeff Nathanson	...	(screenplay by)
 
Jeff Nathanson	...	(story by) and
Terry Rossio	...	(story by)
 
Ted Elliott	...	(based on characters created by) &
Terry Rossio	...	(based on characters created by) and
Stuart Beattie	...	(based on characters created by) and
Jay Wolpert	...	(based on characters created by)


Review:
Expectations is everything with these movies. While the previous Pirates of the Caribbean (PotC) movie feels more like a spin-off than a direct sequel to the original trilogy, 
"Dead Men Tell No Tales/Salazar's Revenge" continues the lore of the first 3 movies. While continuity errors are somewhat blatant, 
you can't say this movie is the worst of the 5 PotC movies. The actions are more grounded than the previous movies, and they managed to salvage themselves after the less-than-mediocre "On Stranger Tides".
The humor's there, and just enough. The amount of screen time of Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley probably means that there'll be more of these movies in the future. There's also a familiar feels to the first movie in this one. 
Perhaps this familiarity is what makes critics hate it. But seriously, if you despised "On Stranger Tides", this one you'll probably like. I'd say this is the best PotC movie since the first one back in early 2000's.